docs: add blog for Environment manifests (#3775)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v120.en.md

    At the foundation of Copilot is AWS CloudFormation, which enables you to provision infrastructure as code.
    Copilot provides pre-defined CloudFormation templates and user-friendly workflows for different types of micro service architectures,
    enabling you to focus on developing your application, instead of writing deployment scripts.
    
    See the section [Overview](../docs/concepts/overview.en.md) for a more detailed introduction to AWS Copilot.

## Environment Manifest

Prior to v1.20, clients could not update their environments with additional configuration. For example, if your environment wasn't associated
with a domain, users would need to run `env init --name copy --import-cert-arns` to create a new environment with certificates and then tear down the old one.
Starting with this release, users can modify their environments using the [manifest](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) without having
to recreate them.  
Moving forward new environment resources will be configured with the `manifest.yml` file instead of flags in the `env init` command.

### Walkthrough

> **[1\]** `copilot env init` **no longer** immediately deploys an environment in your account. Instead, the command 

Reviewer: Do you think we also want to mention the two bootstrap resources that get created in this step 🤔 ? Would people be caught off-guard when they see that the stack is actually getting created?

---
title: 'AWS Copilot v1.20: To Environment Manifests and Beyond!'

> twitter_title: 'AWS Copilot v1.20'

Reviewer 2: what is twitter_title?

Author: It gets used here: https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/blob/48c4673cb16fa4f092eef4bc6df89e3de69a2549/site/overrides/main.html#L13
so that when a the image is rendered on Twitter there is a nice "title" description associated with it: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/overview/summary

> image: 'https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/879348/179278910-1e1ae7e7-cb57-46ff-a11c-07919f485c79.png'

Reviewer 2: This is sick!

image_alt: 'Environment manifests'
image_width: '1106'
image_height: '851'
---

# AWS Copilot v1.20: To Environment Manifests and Beyond!

The AWS Copilot core team is announcing the Copilot v1.20 release.  

> Special thanks to [@gautam-nutalapati](https://github.com/gautam-nutalapati), [@codekitchen](https://github.com/codekitchen), [@kangere](https://github.com/kangere/) who contributed to this release.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Special thanks to [@gautam-nutalapati](https://github.com/gautam-nutalapati), [@codekitchen](https://github.com/codekitchen), and [@kangere](https://github.com/kangere/) who contributed to this release.
```

Author: Done!

Our public [сommunity сhat](https://gitter.im/aws/copilot-cli) is growing and has over 300 people online and over 2.3k stars on [GitHub](http://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/).
Thanks to every one of you who shows love and support for AWS Copilot.

Copilot v1.20 brings several new features and improvements:

> * **Environment manifests**: You can now create and update environments with a [manifest file](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) providing all the benefits of infrastructure as code to environments. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Environment manifests**: You can now create and update environments with a [manifest file](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) bringing all the benefits of infrastructure as code to environments. 
```

Author: Done!

    From getting started, pushing to staging, and releasing to production, Copilot can help manage the entire lifecycle of your application development.
    At the foundation of Copilot is AWS CloudFormation, which enables you to provision infrastructure as code.
    Copilot provides pre-defined CloudFormation templates and user-friendly workflows for different types of micro service architectures,
    enabling you to focus on developing your application, instead of writing deployment scripts.
    
    See the section [Overview](../docs/concepts/overview.en.md) for a more detailed introduction to AWS Copilot.

## Environment Manifest

Prior to v1.20, clients could not update their environments with additional configuration. For example, if your environment wasn't associated
with a domain, users would need to run `env init --name copy --import-cert-arns` to create a new environment with certificates and then tear down the old one.
Starting with this release, users can modify their environments using the [manifest](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) without having
to recreate them.  

> Moving forward new environment configurations will only be surfaced via the `manifest.yml` file instead of flags in the `env init` command.

Reviewer 2: We have workload manifest from the very beginning and we still have flags for `svc init`. I think it is just we don't necessarily expose all config by adding flags 🤔

Author: That's true, I just wanted to give users a strong incentive to migrate besides not having to recreate. I reworded it, but want to keep it although it's not 100% accurate

      - An ECS cluster to group your services                                     [create complete]  [9.1s]
      - A security group to allow your containers to talk to each other           [create complete]  [6.3s]
      - An Internet Gateway to connect to the public internet                     [create complete]  [18.5s]
      - Private subnet 1 for resources with no internet access                    [create complete]  [6.3s]
      - Private subnet 2 for resources with no internet access                    [create complete]  [6.3s]
      - A custom route table that directs network traffic for the public subnets  [create complete]  [15.5s]
      - Public subnet 1 for resources that can access the internet                [create complete]  [6.3s]
      - Public subnet 2 for resources that can access the internet                [create complete]  [6.3s]
      - A private DNS namespace for discovering services within the environment   [create complete]  [47.2s]
      - A Virtual Private Cloud to control networking of your AWS resources       [create complete]  [43.6s]
    ```

> And that's it 🚀! The workflow is identical to how `copilot svc` and `copilot job` commands work.

Reviewer 3: 🚀

### Migrating Existing Environments

To create a [manifest.yml](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) file for existing environments, Copilot 
introduced a new `--manifest` flag to `copilot env show`.  
In this example, we'll generate a manifest file for an existing `"prod"` environment.

> **[1\]** First, in my current git repository or in a new one, I create the mandatory directory

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**[1\]** First, in your current git repository or in a new one, create the mandatory directory
```

Author: Done!

structure for environment manifests.

???+ example "Directory structure for prod"

    ```console
    # 1. Navigate to your git repository.
    $ cd my-sample-repo/
    # 2. Create the directory for the "prod" environment  
    $ mkdir -p copilot/environments/prod
    ```

**[2\]** Run the `copilot env show --manifest` command to generate a manifest and redirect it to the "prod" folder.

???+ example "Generate manifest"

    ```console
    $ copilot env show -n prod --manifest > copilot/environments/prod/manifest.yml
    ```

And that's it! you can now modify the manifest file with any fields in the [specification](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) and 
run `copilot env deploy` to update your stack.

> ### Continuous Delivery

Reviewer 3: will users with existing pipelines need to regenerate their buildspec to use CD for their envs? maybe a section on how to migrate?

Author: Nope! Existing pipelines are strictly for workloads (so they couldn't have one before for environments) 🥳

Finally, Copilot provides the same [continuous delivery pipeline](../docs/concepts/pipelines.en.md) workflow for environments as
services or jobs.

**[1\]** Once a [manifest file is created](#migrating-existing-environments), you can run the existing `copilot pipeline init` 
command to create a pipeline [`manifest.yml`](../docs/manifest/pipeline.en.md) file to describe deployment stages, and a 
`buildspec.yml` used in the "Build" stage to generate the CloudFormation configuration files.

> 

Reviewer 3: extra line?

Author: Removed :)
